		○ A trio of Miners, Truss Breakwater(captain), Ichika Takakura(engineer, artist), and Finn McHall (Quartermaster) are approaching the Final Room of the Lesser Dungeon of Baylin-Ohtani (This is a scifi society that has magic that most people don't know about, but we and the main characters will only first learn of it here) when they notice a regionally infamous pirate crew, the Skysail Pirates looking like they were getting ready to take on the next part of the Dungeon. This is an issue bc the main trio didn't plan on taking on the Dungeon Boss at all, waking it makes it way higher chance for them all to get killed. They only get past the Dungeon Boss and steal Energy Shards bc they know of small weaknesses in the detection systems of the Dungeons. Ichika suggests following them and then reacting to what happens, but Breakwater is so uncomfortable considering any plan other than what she's thinking that she doesn't even acknowledge it. Breakwater suggests stealing the Energy Crystals and running away with them. Finn bites his tongue both times. 
			§ A flaw with the trio is they have no weapons capable of fighting what lives in the end areas of Lesser Dungeons, nevermind what lives in the few Great Dungeons of the region. But they have the speed. Ichika agrees and Finn is neutral but Breakwater's already following Skysail more closely. 
		○ The Dungeon Boss comes out and the Skysail pirates start fighting it with their weapons, where Breakwater sees Skysail himself fight the Dungeon Boss with his bare fists. This delays them a bit but they still steal the Energy Source and start running away. Immediately the Dungeon Boss starts to target them.
			§ What she should've seen was skysail and his crew powering through together with a plan, what she saw was Skysail's strenght and smile through the thrill of adventure
			§ Breakwater's honestly looking to grow to those heights but doesn't know where she's even at compared to them. Where she's at is she's not strong yet but her growth potential is huge - does this make a gameplay scaling problem though?
		○ Run out of the Dungeon! 3D platforming section.
		○ Upon getting out of the Dungeon they regroup, cheer, and then Breakwater stops and tosses Finn the Energy Source, she wants to see Skysail fight and then she'll catch up after. Ichika says whatever, just make sure to not die. Finn can't say anything, believing they'll be safer if she does what she thinks is right. They part ways. 
		○ Flyer vignette: Learn to use the flyer. You see the fight and run away after meeting eyes and seeing Skysail smile. But you also lose your arm trying to run away. 
		○ Head out to the next island on their list, the Isle of Nobume. Smol cut to Skysail beating the Dungeon(?) and getting the Dungeon Boss’ energy source. Skysail receives what looks like a crown as we fade out. Doing the Sanderson thing here, there's too much backstory/magic system stuff to reveal here if I explain it, so just show the magic happening wrt Overdrive and the Dungeon Governance and CUT away. Wrap up with Finn and Ichika catching you coming out of the Dungeon, leave the island immediately
		○ Bonney addressing a room of Nobility, Knights, and Merchants with Isabella, England, and Vayu in the room. Similar ish to MML2 Sulfur Bottom opening cutscene in frame composition but short like the MML1 Bonne introduction and similar in introductions style. 
			§ <content of this scene should do some Normal World heavy lifting>:
				□ Dungeons are natural
				□ Those who work hard can get near the top, but never in control
				□ Nobility makes right
				□ There are those who accept the Right of Kings and those who don't, and those who see no point
				□ The question of the what effort is for manifests not only in the individual meetings between people but also in the systems regulating the world and seemingly nature itself
		○ The crew gets to Nobume, the Island of Opportunity, on which exists the Lesser Dungeon of Nobume. We enter during the time of the annual Miners Licensing Race. 
		○ Narrator intro for Nobume: <write after the writing the rest of the story>
		○ Queen Bonney Rashin (Shinra backwards) of the Rashin Kingdom announces the start of the festival and the time of the Licensing Race, as well as inviting anyone brave enough to enter to come to the Dungeon Entrance and sign up! The trio goes into town and learn about the Island while waiting for the Licensing Race to begin (if player wants). They start by going to visit the Dungeon Entrance, where they find a string of quests involving first the Licensing Race. 
		○ Vignettes: Then a trio of Nobility/Peasant/Merchant quests to get to know the town.
			§ 1: Fix Breakwater's arm: Sell whatever you can to afford a new arm, have a doctor install it. Merchant "quest"? Go to the junk shop to sell your Energy Shard and show that's why you can't upgrade build yet. Show she's fine with losing it in favor of seeing what she saw and Ichika loses it but Finn hold it in again. Seeing Ichika's frustration and Finn's quietness, she leaves uncomfortable  and reminded of how much stronger Skysail and the Dungeon Boss seemed. Decides she's gonna take on that Licensing Exam to be able to earn more money in the Lesser Dungeon of Nobume. 
		○ The Licensing race starts at the edge of the Island and ends at the start of the main Dungeon entrance, where you sign up for the race. You gather with the rest of the entrants at the edge of the Island and notice Skysail and his second-in-command there. You exchange some words learn this is a death race. You see the cameras and televised projections around the island and notice the bloodlust in the air of the town clearly now. Ichika says he thinks this is gonna be dangerous, Breakwater is more than adamant so he's in. Finn bites his tongue again.
		○ Over the course of the race, the deaths wear on the trio but there's nothing they can do. They reveal a bit of their pasts, alluding to Breakwater and Ichika saving Finn from his home island which was terrorized by the Dungeon's Natural Systems. 
		○ Also over the course of the race, we meet Isabella running the race and semi-fighting with you. And we see Vayu speed past while you do that, judging both of you for wasting your time and risking meaningless death. What a luxury it must be to live your lives. We also see England do something similar but admonish Bonney for being Military. England is a privateer. Vayu is a peasant. At the end of the race we see Vayu freaking the fuck out about all the deaths as we leave. Bonney is brooding. England is ecstatic. Skysail and his #2 congratulate you on making it, say they'll see you in the dungeon. You ask about his power, he rhetorically asks if you plan on running again. The back-and-forth should allude to how to actually activate Overdrive.
			§ Ichika Injured --> More push for Breakwater 
		○ After the race, an omatsuri happens throughout the Island, and you're invitied to the nobility to celebrate. There, we meet Queen Bonney and other higher nobles and learn we are free to Enter and Exit the Dungeon or sub-Dungeons on the Island as we please.
		○ <I want more quests here to get to know the island but since they're optional anyway I'll just move onto the middle part from here>
		○ The trio decides they need to find some kind of lodging for their stay once they leave the celebration. They ask the first guy they met about where to stay and he says you'll find no place in the nobility. You must leave the nobility tier and go to the citizenry or the peasantry tier and smirks. You leave the nobility tier on boat-uber (pretty much) and ride the elevator down to the citizenry tier. Walk around till you find the inn you feel like staying at (whichever one you stay at becomes *the* inn). The trio lodges at a middling inn near the top of the citizenry's tier of residencies. They're greeted by a feast by the host and their family that runs the inn, p much the same thing I wrote for MMA opening. Show the effects of *good* efforts and *good* intentions received by *good* people. This is the only healthy situation on the island you really see.
		○ Vignettes: The following few days, you can do optional vignettes around the Island if you fly around
			§ Nobility - Vayu's antithesis, helping to understand Bonney/England too
			§ Mid-Class - Helping to understand Isabella 
			§ Peasant - Abandoned Peasant a-la Jinx's story in Arcane and how much I vibed w it as an alternate reality - AFTER Mid-Point
		○ In a few days time the game opens up. You can hit the the main dungeon, or the Island. There are only people to meet at the big visually interesting places and nowhere else. But you can also just fly around if you want. 
			§ Think Spiderman without the silly amount of encounters (or if you add encounters don't highlight every single one)
		○ Opening day of the Dungeon is a ceremony followed by everyone going into the Dungeon one after antoher
		○ Reach the first check point, from what we know of the Dungeon so far we have information of the first 2 checkpoints, but noone has ever opened the final leg of the Dungeon. 
			• Only those with a license may open the Shrine entrances to the Dungeon, the rest must enter through the main Entrance. (Does this serve a narrative purpose? Plot yes, makes sense the kingdom would know about some distance down into the Dungeon. Also gives Skysail a reason to not even be part of the beginning if I need that, he'll just cruise through the beginning alone.
		○ Come up out of the first checkpoint, get congratulated by the Queen and cameras are all around. Reaction shots for the time you've had, like Hunger Games 
		○ To back into the Dungeon after optionally doing one or more vignettes
		○ Clear 2nd third of the Dungeon, beat the Dungeon's mid-point boss, Isabella and Ichika are out for the rest of the Dungeon fights bc she sacrifices herself to save everyone from a large attack - Breakwater feels like she's always in need of saving
			• Vayu impresses upon you the pain of systems and how they force loss
				□ Starts to reach his breaking point, points it at Skysail for not using his strength. Mythological archetype doesn't mean flawless. World might be too big to fight, tries to reason with others now
			• Skysail: Backstory, Master/Apprentice, mythological archetype, impact character for everyone through speech
		○ Reach the second check point, congratulated again by the Queen but much more briefly, with things taking a turn to somewhat mask what's going on in the Dungeon re: Breakwater becoming a Leader and England being considered scum
		○ After beating the semi-final Dungeon Room, high tension is resolved a bit and mellows a bit and it starts to feel like we'll get through this.
			• Everyone's gathered around the severely injured Bonney, who commands her troops to follow Breakwater
			• Everyone is gearing up and gathers around Breakwater
		○ Breakwater starts to think of escape.
			• Finn sees this, Breakwater sees him see her and starts to wallow, Finn completely loses it and finally overcomes his Lie: He speaks up. "We need you to lead!"
			• Overdrive
		○ Finn unlocks Overdrive and charges at Breakwater attacking her, effectively punching the will to run and wallowing out of her. He uses words too, which is really equally important to the fists. She decides to sober up.  
		○ Finn and Breakwater continue fighting to make sure they're on the same page, England and System Unit emerge from Final room prepared to destroy the rest of the cast
			• Objective: Protect your friends and everyone on the Island by defeating England and System Unit
			• AGAIN, the reactions to these events by Breakwater & Finn, the rest of the cast, and the Islanders will create the landing
				□ Bonney, out of the fight now, orders troops to follow you instead of England 
				□ Skysail does NOT 1v1 the baddy, he protects the rest of the cast
				□ Bonney knows *something* that lets her feel comfortable with Breakwater trying to end the System. Juno-like is symbolic of the strenght of IRL systems to deny your right
		○ The dust settles, the smoke dissipates and it's Finn supporting Breakwater standing, both beaming with different kinds of pride
			• Everyones reactions, taking this from tense/semi-positive to extremo positive
			• They can't go down immediately since the elevator's broken but the Island decides to go get them
		○ Cut to getting them, great success!
			• The question of Power comes up now, Bonney commands Breakwater to give her the Mechanism but it's up to Breakwater as Dungeon Conqueror on what to do with it exactly
Skysail plans to help Isabellae with governance, crew leaves him there. Breakwater and co plan their next move and begin heading out cheerfully. Finn says what he wants, Ichika's not distracted, Breakwater is focused